It’s time to live in Majitou!
Guigui, what a beautiful chicken!
We can finally have Feng Sheng’s dinner tonight!
Wow! Finally!
Get away!
You won’t know a chicken so soon!
I'd better ask you to clean it up!
Ah! What a joke! The longer I am, the longer I will be!
Can this chicken still escape my grasp? Haha!
How to make this chicken?
What do you want me to do? I don’t know how!
It’s impossible to do this even if you have all the money!
Don't let that daughter today
You emperors can
And the yellow patrons
Each of your eyes looks at me
You guys answered the call
Don’t talk nonsense about every piece of evidence
Zhou Yuan is not just two people.
This is not about why you were in such a hurry
Let's go too